feat: provide support to allow HTTP scaler to work alongside other core KEDA scalers (#929)
kedacore/http-add-on: docs/walkthrough.md

curl -H "Host: myhost.com" localhost:8080/path1
```

### Integrating HTTP Add-On Scaler with other KEDA scalers

For scenerios where you want to integrate HTTP Add-On scaler with other keda scalers, you can set the SkipScaledObjectCreation annotation to true on your HTTPScaledObject.  The reconciler will then skip the KEDA core ScaledObject creation which will allow you to create your own ScaledObject and add http scaler as one of your triggers.

Step 1, add skipScaledObjectCreation annotation to your HTTPScaledObject.
```console
annotations:
  skipScaledObjectCreation: true
```

Step 2, add an external-push trigger to your existing ScaledObject.  The hosts should match the list of hosts in your HTTPScaledObject.
```console
  triggers:
  - type: external-push
    metadata:
      hosts: example-service
      scalerAddress: keda-add-ons-http-external-scaler.keda:9090  

> ```

Author: Ok I'll look to amend the docs

curl -H "Host: myhost.com" localhost:8080/path1
```

> ### Integrating HTTP Add-On Scaler with other KEDA scalers

Reviewer: @tomkerkhove PTAL

> For scenerios where you want to integrate HTTP Add-On scaler with other keda scalers, you can set the SkipScaledObjectCreation annotation to true on your HTTPScaledObject.  The reconciler will then skip the KEDA core ScaledObject creation which will allow you to create your own ScaledObject and add http scaler as one of your triggers.  Please note that you should ensure the ScaledObject is created with a different name to the HTTPScaledObject to ensure your ScaledObject is not removed by the reconciler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For scenerios where you want to integrate HTTP Add-On scaler with other keda scalers, you can set the `SkipScaledObjectCreation` annotation to true on your `HTTPScaledObject`.  The reconciler will then skip the KEDA core ScaledObject creation which will allow you to create your own `ScaledObject` and add HTTP scaler as one of your triggers.

> 💡 Ensure that your ScaledObject is created with a different name than the `HTTPScaledObject` to ensure your ScaledObject is not removed by the reconciler.
```

It is reccomended that you first deploy your HTTPScaledObject with no annotation set in order to obtain the latest trigger spec to use on your own managed ScaledObject.

> Step 1, first deploy your HTTPSCaledObject with annotation set to false

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Deploy your `HTTPScaledObject` with annotation set to false
```

```console
annotations:
  skipScaledObjectCreation: false
```

> Step 2, take a copy of the current generated external-push trigger spec on the generated ScaledObject.  Please find example below, however this spec is likely to change on future releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Copy of the current generated external-push trigger spec on the generated ScaledObject.  ```

> ```console

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example:

```console
```

  triggers:
  - type: external-push
    metadata:
      hosts: example-service
      pathPrefixes: ""
      scalerAddress: keda-http-add-on-external-scaler.keda:9090
```

> Step 3, update the skipScaledObjectCreation annotation to true and re-deploy.   This will remove the ScaledObject and allow you to then create your own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Apply the `skipScaledObjectCreation` annotation with `true` and apply the change. This will remove the originally created `ScaledObject` allowing you to create your own.
```

```console
annotations:
  skipScaledObjectCreation: true
```

> Step 4, add the external-push trigger taken from step 2 to your own ScaledObject and apply this.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Add the `external-push` trigger taken from step 2 to your own ScaledObject and apply this.
```

curl -H "Host: myhost.com" localhost:8080/path1
```

### Integrating HTTP Add-On Scaler with other KEDA scalers

For scenerios where you want to integrate HTTP Add-On scaler with other keda scalers, you can set the `SkipScaledObjectCreation` annotation to true on your `HTTPScaledObject`.  The reconciler will then skip the KEDA core ScaledObject creation which will allow you to create your own `ScaledObject` and add HTTP scaler as one of your triggers.

> 💡 Ensure that your ScaledObject is created with a different name than the `HTTPScaledObject` to ensure your ScaledObject is not removed by the reconciler.

It is reccomended that you first deploy your HTTPScaledObject with no annotation set in order to obtain the latest trigger spec to use on your own managed ScaledObject.

1. Deploy your `HTTPScaledObject` with annotation set to false

```console
annotations:
  skipScaledObjectCreation: false
```

2. Take copy of the current generated external-push trigger spec on the generated ScaledObject. 

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

For example:

```console
  triggers:
  - type: external-push
    metadata:
      hosts: example-service
      pathPrefixes: ""
      scalerAddress: keda-http-add-on-external-scaler.keda:9090
```

3. Apply the `skipScaledObjectCreation` annotation with `true` and apply the change. This will remove the originally created `ScaledObject` allowing you to create your own.

```console
annotations:
  skipScaledObjectCreation: true
```

4. Add the `external-push` trigger taken from step 2 to your own ScaledObject and apply this.

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
